Export Controls – Summary of Discovery Call with Emily Bredhold 2/19/25
Current Process around export control
Tripwire Pre Order / Opp Process – SFDC Integrated process
See process write up in Tripwire Export Control OCR Screening Process Summary from Emily Feb192025.docx
Trigger Events:  Salesperson submit form in SFDC before Order is placed and process is re-run when opportunity hits stage 7
Salesforce sends form data to Vendor (OCR.inc).  This vendor appears to have merged with Decartes so this might be the Visual Compliance tool by a different name. - It’s a old version of Visual Compliance, had an end point but very limited functionality.
OCR Vendor scans using key word search and returns results.  They search things like the SDN to the blocked list, the non SDN, the sdns all of the publicly available US export report.
Melissa Loch and team review/approve and escalate to Emily Bredhold in Legal for those she can’t clear.
This process is for new sales, not renewals.
Tripwire Quarterly Process
See process write up in Tripwire Export Control OCR Screening Process Summary from Emily Feb192025.docx
On quarterly basis, Melissa and team run report in SFDC for accounts with address outside the US and this report is sent to vendor via portal in specific format.
Results received in file format. Melissa tries to clear and works with Emily one ones she can’t.
Offensive Security Export Process - ELM Process? Custom Code
Handled by Victoria Mullady, Cops
Due to the nature of these products, in addition to scanning accounts there are additional rules for the Individuals that are allowed to use these products. There are also restrictions like can sell to some governments but not the military branch.
Victoria handles the initial check (tools tbd?) and then send concerns to Export Compliance Committee that Emily is part of.
ELM - Checks ICANN, government list, automatically google search
The Rest of Fortra Process (Twice a year)
Done twice a year, but would like to do quarterly once the process is no longer as labor intensive.
Emily receives large file from finance (Connor Kilmurray) account level and  needs to deduplicate so only one line per company name or we get charged multiple times
Emily reformats and uploads a file that looks like this with the data she can find.  Some cells she’ll need to leave blank.  A lot of works goes into this re-formatting, data transformation step.
Then gets this file back from the vendor.
e. Emily tries to resolve items. Many are false positives due to key words search – She googles to try to figure out if hit is real, like is company x in country a is the same as company b in Moscow type things.
If a true problem is found, Emily works with Customer Ops to remove the customers access.
For things she needs additional help with, she goes to Kyle and then from there, they might refer it to another external legal group to investigate.
Overall Notes
Process Improvements
If all of Fortra could at least use the Tripwire process, that would be a step in the right direction, though there is still room for improvement against all the manual steps.  The account file should be pulled from the CRM directly in the format needed.
Tripwire process could also be improved to make less manual, pick up data automatically and send back.
There’s  been mention of Fortra wanting to move the export control process earlier in the process, at the lead level, but Emily isn’t in the loop of these conversations, indicated this would be a business process decision.
One the process is no longer so manual, the twice a year scanning of accounts could be done quarterly.
Urgency of tool need: Legal has been asking for this for the last couple of years. No new regulations to increase the priority any more that current.
BSI did investigate buying Visual Compliance by Decartes in 2022. Notes from this exercise are below.
To get true pricing of tool, need to answer these questions:
Number of systems that we are going to integrate to
Salesforce Classic
Salesforce Lightning
MS Dynamics 365
Total number of existing accounts and contacts and anything else you would like to screen by batch
Total number of changes made to existing accounts and contacts in your batch annually
Total number of new accounts and contacts you would be adding annually
Total number of people who would be using On-Line Screening
Total number of people who will be resolving alerts
Othe business process questions:
What do you want to screen?
Accounts
Contact
At what points?
Rule UK – Based on product and ship address, before a quote can be generated, supporting documentation is needed from customer.
When do you re-screen?
Which team will see the alerts and manage them?  Number of users?
Rules what do you screen for?
Other Notes from Investigation / Demo:
Details from the compliance workflow and attachments can be saved to the audit records
There is a nightly rescreen process.  If sanctions are lifted, alerts are automatically updated and automatically clears holds
Managed Package -  New Dynamics
Pricing:
As part of their pricing, they provide set up in Sandbox and then once test, it moves to prod.  Keep sandbox around for changes
Access to Integration team.  Assigned support rep
Pricing based on number of integrations and initial batch size, and expected number of CRM updates
Since we’ll have 8-9 Integrations - special pricing
Value add over the state lists/current process are:
Rules Management
Alerts Workflow
Saving of documentation and data to audit record
Data source US and EU Lists plus additional account name matching
Could implement in a week
Aws Primary on east coast, back up on west
Existing Business Systems Documentation:
Export Control - Documentation - Confluence
D365 Export Screening Process - Customer Operations - Confluence