Power Branching – Salesforce
The following two order line branching models are required in Fortra Salesforce. The branching model used will be defined at the SKU level and that SKU will be treated the same way each time it appears on an order.
Branch Type: “Order Line Only”
Order lines cloned when quantity is > 1.
Manual discount amount is divided evenly across all cloned lines.
Displaced ARR is divided evenly across all cloned lines.
Hardware not cloned – All cloned order lines are linked to the one original hardware record
Partitions are cloned – Each cloned order line has its own cloned partition all linked to the one original hardware record
Example: Order Line with quantity = 4
One order line with quantity 4 becomes four order lines each with quantity 1
If the original order line has a partition the partition is also cloned, and each order line has its own unique partition
All 4 order lines and their partitions are linked to the one original hardware record
1 order line, 1 partition, 1 hardware record (4 total records) becomes 4 order lines, 4 partitions, 1 hardware record (9 total records)
Branch Type: “Order Line and Hardware”
Order lines cloned when quantity is > 1.
Manual discount amount is divided evenly across all cloned lines.
Displaced ARR is divided evenly across all cloned lines.
Hardware is cloned – Each cloned order line has its own cloned hardware record
Partitions are cloned – Each cloned order line has its own partition linked to its hardware record
Example: Order Line with quantity = 3
One order line with quantity 3 becomes 3 order lines each with quantity 1
If the original order line has a partition the partition is also cloned, and each order line has its own unique partition
If the original order line has a hardware record the hardware is also cloned, and each order line and partition have their own unique hardware record.
1 order line, 1 partition, 1 hardware record (3 total records) becomes 3 order lines, 3 partitions, 3 hardware records. (9 total records)