
===== SHEET: Channel (38r x 6c) =====
Priority	Requirements for Partner Resource Management	Does SFDC met this requirements
Need to have	Implement a single tool that could be used for all partner types and integrate to all Fortra CRMs	Yes, future end state direction is to have one CRM for all brands and all partners would have acess the the SFDC PRM
Need to have	Unified interface for partners to register their deals, find Fortra materials and bi-directional sync oppty's back to CRM	Yes, note that b/c the CRM and PRM are the same thing we no longer need to worry about synching data.
Need to have	Avoid duplication of Opps	Please explain the scenario where duplicate opps are being created today. But yes, SFDC does have functionality to prevent duplicate opps from being entered. Just need to understand this specific scenario on why it is an issue today to confirm.  We need an efficient way for sales to cross check registered deals against open opportunities that may be worked by direct sales or another partner.  Issues today: (1) lack of control/management of account creation and account clean up; (2) Sales can create opps without leads--When a deal registration is created from the portal it's created as a Lead. CRM doesn't identify an open opportunity w/o a lead that may be a duplicate of a deal registration lead submitted by a partner, (3) D365 checks duplicates by customer email address and product brand, not by Company name-this logic doesn't account for scenarios in which multiple customer contacts interested in the same solution may submit forms on our website that convert to individual leads & opps in D365.       Note that Partners receive deal protection by Product Brand/Solution & Company Name registered.
Need to have	Approval Workflow	Yes, SFDC has approval workflows and they can be configured to be very simple or more complicated.
Need to have	Customize partner portal experience by partner business type - Reseller, Distributor, MSPs, etc	Yes, SFDC can be configured to have different views for different partner types. You have the ability to change views, workflows and the whole experience by partner type.
Need to have	Partner user role hierarchy	Yes, SFDC has the ability to define multiple roles for partner.  It is up to you to define what these roles can do, for example, should one role allow them to set up more users for their account.
Need to have	Fortra to imitate a partner account/user	Yes, Out of the Box.  We saw this on the demo.
Need to have	Automation features for partner onboarding - A reactive automation engine that smoothly onboards and educates new partners into the portal. Simple-to-use and powered by triggers and actions	Yes, We saw this on the demo. It was part of the partner "Program" feature onboarding experience.
Need to have	Distinction between Fortra Originated and Channel originated opps	Yes
Need to have	Partner's commercial terms visibile in the portal (map from D365 to portal)	Yes, and since the future state the CRM and PRM is the same so it's just there, no additional mapping needed.
Need to have	partner business planning - share, create & track goals between Fortra and Partner	Yes. Part of the "Programs" Feature.  Automated experience like the onboarding program they showed. Additionally, you can share campaigns with the partners and these are also tracked in SFDC.
Need to have	report/export opportunity information	Yes, reports can be built, exported, shared and automated to be sent on a schedule.
Need to have	Integration into Fortra Academy (Docebo) - certification of partners/tracking and translate them back into our CRM & PRM	Yes, Out of Box using the Docebo connector App.
Need to have	Track partner certifications (achieved within Fortra Academy) at the contact and company level within CRM & PRM	Yes, this was shown on the demo.
Need to have	Self-serve marketing feature for partners to co-brand assets	Yes, multiple options to support this, some shown in the demo.
Need to have	Content Management Tool - Fortra to builk edit & analyze existing content in portal	Yes, built in CMS in SFDC used by the portal. It supposed documents like MS Office type docs & Rich Content like Web Pages.
Need to have	feature for partners to submit request for Marketing Development Funds (MDF); approval process for Fortra	Yes, shown in demo
Need to have	Manage partner communications - newsletters, social media, etc	Yes, manually or automatically you can communicate with partners via email and phone.  SFDC also supports social media but we need to understand what channels you want to use as we may incur more costs, like are you planning to use sms or facebook or other social media channels ?
Need to have	automated email/portal notifications when Fortra or Partner User completes an action - (i.e., partner registers new deal, Fortra is notified. Fortra approves deal in CRM, partner is notified)	Yes, communictations can be sent in an automated way based upon partners completing specific steps.
Nice to have	Hubspot Integration	Yes, SFDC integrates with Hubspot.
Nice to have	Single Sign-On with Fortra Academy using the credentials from Salesforce. That will require work in Docebo (Fortra Academy) from Education Services. This will reduce issues with account mapping.	Yes, both SFDC and Docebo will support SSO, but now partners really only need to log into SFDC as they will see their classes from the SFDC PRM Portal.
Nice to have	Automate the approval for partners to access Fortra Academy courses (i.e., Organization being approved in Salesforce triggers the associated email domain(s) being granted access to Fortra Academy). This will require work by Education Services.	This isn't a SFDC item. This will need to be discussed with IT/Internally. Seems possible but needs more discussion.
Nice to have	seamless user registration process - whitelist partner email domains	Yes
Nice to have	AWS Integration / ACE	Yes, ACE will be integrated with SFDC and the PRM is SFDC.
Nice to have	Partner prospect pages - partner or Fortra sales user can create a landing page in portal with content that can be shared with clients (via ungated link)	Fortra users yes, need to confirm if partners can do this.  Once created, Fortra can share links with partners to share with customer.
Nice to have	create playbooks & learning tracks in portal with portal content	Yes, this is the Program feature that was shown on the demo.
Nice to have	Incentives management - SPIFFs.	We are actually evaluating a SPIFF tool in SFDC.  I will include you in this demo. What is your use case for this? A: Scenario: Fortra announces a SPIFF to reseller partners where Fortra compensates the Partner Account Executive (the partner contact that is associated to the lead or opportunity) if they meet the parameters of the SPIFF (compensation typically is a gift - cooking grill, giftcard, etc). Example of a SPIFF: receive a $100 giftcard for every successful customer meeting scheduled  in Q4; Receive $500 gift upon deal closure of a minimum PO value of $100K USD in Q1.  SPIFFs are created to incentivize a Partner Contact to generate leads or progress sales cycles within opportunities.
	Note: Strategic shift to an 80% channel-based sales model
Key Challenges
Multiple CRMs and leads coming from multiple places
Today Allbound is only supporting Strategic Partners
Duplicate Partner Accounts in CRMs; partner contacts in customer accounts