[Meeting Agenda] At this meeting we’d like to review any billing scenario where having a partners on the deal influences the process
If the partner is the billing entity, what variations need to be made in quoting, invoicing, discounts, renewals, and anything else.
What are all the different billing scenarios that need to be accounted for?
Partner receives bill instead of Customer
Partner is involved but Customer receives bill
Partner bills from different legal entities for different customers
There is both a Distributor and a Reseller and they both get a part of the deal.
Most Common Partnership Types: Distributor, Reseller and MSP/MSSPs
1. Distributor
Role: Distributes Fortra’s software licenses between the Fortra and resellers.
Billing Model:
Fortra invoices the distributor
Distributor invoices the reseller
End customer is not billed directly by Fortra
CRM Attribution:
Distributor = Bill-To Partner
Reseller = Sell-To / Channel Partner
End Customer = End User / Customer of Record
2. Reseller (Value-Added Reseller - VAR)
Role: Sells software licenses directly to the end customer, may also provide some implementation or support services.
Billing Model:
Fortra invoices the reseller
Reseller invoices the end customer
No direct financial transaction between Fortra and end customer
CRM Attribution:
Reseller = Bill-To and Sell-To Partner
End Customer = End User / Customer of Record
Use Case Example:
A VAR sells a bundled software and services package to an enterprise customer, handling billing and support locally.
3. Managed Service Provider (MSP)
Role: Delivers software as part of a broader managed service (e.g., security monitoring, hosting, IT management).
Billing Model:
Fortra invoices the MSP
Need to support the following billing cadences (NOTE: this aligns to standard business practices when working with this partnership type – Fortra is rebuilding its MSSP Program for 2026.)
Monthly, Quarterly, Annual
Usage-based billing
MSP packages and bills the end customer as part of a service bundle
Fortra typically will not know the end customer. Fortra has no engagement or interaction with the end customer.
CRM Attribution:
MSP = Customer of Record (when they are providing service on behalf of the end customer)
End Customer = Optional/Linked Account (not directly transacting)
In most cases, Fortra will not know the end customer
Use Case Example:
An MSP buys software licenses and includes them in a fully managed endpoint protection service offered to SMB clients.
Referral Partnerships (least common partnerships – following scenarios may exist)
1. Referral Partner
Role: Identifies and refers a sales opportunity to the Fortra; not involved in billing or service delivery.
Billing Model:
Fortra invoices the end customer directly
Referral partner is paid a commission % or referral fee by the Fortra
Commission is paid to Referral partner 45 days after payment is received from the end customer to Fortra.
CRM Attribution:
Referral Partner = Influencer / Referral Source (not in billing hierarchy)
End Customer = Bill-To and Customer of Record
Use Case Example:
A consulting firm refers a client to the software company and is paid a flat referral fee if the deal closes.
1.2 Deal Involving Distributor + Referral Partner
Scenario: A global systems integrator (Referral Partner) recommends your software to a large enterprise customer but does not transact. The customer prefers to buy through their existing procurement channel—via a Reseller, who purchases licenses through an authorized Distributor.
🧾 Billing Flow
Vendor invoices the Distributor
Distributor invoices the Reseller
Reseller invoices the End Customer
Vendor pays referral fee to the Referral Partner (tracked outside the billing chain)
Referral fee is a commission % of the sale. This is paid 45 days after Fortra receives payment from the Distributor.
1.3 Deal Involving Reseller + Referral Partner
Scenario: A global systems integrator (Referral Partner) recommends your software to a large enterprise customer but does not transact. The customer prefers to buy through their existing procurement channel—via a Reseller.
🧾 Billing Flow
Vendor invoices the Reseller
Reseller invoices the End Customer
Vendor pays referral fee to the Referral Partner (tracked outside the billing chain)
Referral fee is a commission % of the sale. This is paid 45 days after Fortra receives payment from the Reseller.