MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
This Non-Disclosure Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into effective on xx xx 2024 ("Effective Date") by and between Fortra International Limited with offices located at 3rd Floor, 1 Ashley Road, Altrincham, Cheshire WA14 2DT, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries and affiliated entities (jointly and severally referred to herein as "Fortra") and xxx with offices located at xxxxx on behalf of itself and any of its affiliates and/or subsidiaries (jointly and severally referred to herein as "Company"). Fortra and Company are individually referred to herein as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."
Confidentiality. The Parties mutually agree that information that is not generally known to the public to which either Party has been or will be exposed as a result of the proposed engagement between the Parties is "Confidential Information" that belongs to the disclosing Party. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, information, regardless of whether disclosed orally, in writing or electronically, concerning: (a) business, technical or financial information relating to business models, proprietary technologies, contracts, client lists, pricing, costs and insurance arrangements, leases, operations, properties, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, designs, strategic initiatives, business plans, accounting, merchandising, sales, and/or marketing, and (b) information about employees.
Treatment and Use of Confidential Information. Each Party will: (a) hold the other Party's Confidential Information in strict confidence, and not disclose or use it except as authorized in writing and in advance; (b) use the other Party's Confidential Information for no purpose other than to evaluate or pursue a potential business relationship; (c) ensure that the Confidential Information is accessible only to those of its employees or authorized representatives who have a need to know and who have signed confidentiality agreements or are otherwise bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein; (d) refrain from reproducing the Confidential Information in any form without the prior express written consent of the disclosing Party. This Agreement to protect Confidential Information applies both while the Parties are engaged in discussions, and after the discussions end, regardless of the reason they end.
Exceptions. Confidential Information does not include information that: (a) has entered the public domain through no fault of or breach of any contract; (b) was in the receiving Party's possession free of any obligation of confidence at the time it was communicated; (c) was rightfully communicated free of any obligation of confidence subsequent to the time it was communicated; (d) was developed independently of and without reference to any information communicated to the receiving Party; or (e) the receiving Party must lawfully disclose in response to a valid order, statute, rule, or regulation of a governmental entity (provided that, to the extent legally permissible, the disclosing Party shall immediately notify the other Party of any such order, demand, or request so that such Party may take any actions it deems necessary to protect its interests).
Third Party Information. The Parties understand that they may not improperly obtain or use confidential, proprietary or trade secret information that belongs to third parties. Neither Party will use its benefit, confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information that belongs to others, unless the Parties mutually agree in writing and consent to the disclosure and use.
No License. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as granting any proprietary rights, by license or otherwise, to any of either Party's Confidential Information, or to any invention, patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right that has issued or that may issue, based on such Confidential Information.
Return of Materials. The receiving Party will safeguard and, upon disclosing Party's request, either destroy or return to the disclosing Party when this Agreement terminates, all documents and property in its care, custody or control, including without limitation any documents that contain the other Party's Confidential Information.
Receiving Party may retain one copy of any applicable documents and materials containing or based on disclosing Party's Confidential Information that receiving Party is required to retain by applicable law, rule, regulation, legal process or receiving Party's automatic electronic archival system. Receiving Party will continue to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement with respect to such retained Confidential Information.
No Other Obligations. Nothing in this Agreement shall obligate either Party to enter into any further agreement or negotiations or to refrain from entering into an agreement or negotiation with any third party.
Not Transferable. This Agreement and rights, duties and obligations under this Agreement are not transferable or assignable by one Party without the express prior written consent of the other Party. Any attempt by the Party to transfer or assign this Agreement or any of it rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement without such consent is void.
Provisions. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provision shall not in any way be affected or be impaired thereby.
Term and Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by either Party at any time upon fifteen (15) days prior written notice to the other Party. Notwithstanding such termination, for a period of three (3) years the Parties agree to maintain the confidentiality of all Confidential Information provided hereunder following termination of the Agreement unless or until: (a) agreed to otherwise pursuant to written agreement; or (b) such time, where relevant, that the Confidential Information becomes excluded information through no act or omission of the receiving Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, information that constitutes a trade secret of a Party shall remain Confidential Information and treated confidentially hereunder unless and until such information no longer constitutes a trade secret of that Party.
Warranty Disclaimer. ALL CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED HEREUNDER ON AN "AS IS" BASIS.
Violation of Agreement, Costs and Attorney Fees, Governing Law, Enforceability and Waiver. If either Party breaches or threatens to breach this Agreement, the other Party shall be entitled to seek injunctive or other equitable relief as well as money damages. In any lawsuit arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including without limitation arising from any alleged tort or statutory violation, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover their reasonable costs and attorneys' fees, including on appeal. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and specifically excluding from application to this Agreement that law known as the United Nations convention on the International Sale of Goods or UCITA. Exclusive jurisdiction for litigation of any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, or breach thereof shall be only in the courts of England and Wales. This Agreement is the final and complete expression of the Parties' agreement on these subjects and may be amended only in a writing signed by both Parties.
Evaluation License. In the event that Company desires to evaluate and test the performance and operation of a Fortra product (the "Evaluation Product"), with such evaluation to be used in future discussions between the Parties relating to the potential acquisition of such Evaluation Product by the Company, such Evaluation Product shall be provided at no cost or expense to Company for evaluation purposes only from a mutually agreed date and for a period of 30 days thereafter, unless this period is extended by the Parties in writing (the "Evaluation Period"). The Evaluation Product and related documentation and materials shall be treated as Confidential Information, as defined in this Agreement. During the Evaluation Period, Fortra hereby grants to Company a temporary, revocable, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use and access the Evaluation Product during the Evaluation Period solely for evaluation purposes. Company shall not: (a) de­ compile, disassemble, reverse engineer or decipher the Evaluation Product or otherwise attempt to derive the
source code, source files or data files from the Evaluation Product; (b) redistribute, sell, assign, transfer, rent, lease, publish, disclose, display, sublicense, or otherwise make available to any third parties the Evaluation Product (or any copies or partial copies thereof); (c) except as expressly authorized herein, make any copies of the Evaluation Product; (d) remove or alter any trademark, logo, copyright or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels in the Evaluation Product; or (e) publish any results of benchmark tests run on the Evaluation Product or disclose its features, errors or bugs to a third party without Fortra' prior written consent. Company agrees to return or cease use of the Evaluation Product promptly after expiration of the Evaluation Period unless Company has elected to purchase a license to use the Product.
AGREED TO and signed for the Parties by the authorized signors below effective on the Effective Date set forth above.
Fortra International Ltd.                                                             Company
By: 	_ Printed Name:			_ Title: 		_
By: 	_ Printed Name:			_ Title: 		_