OUTFLANK SECURITY TOOLING SOLUTION ADDENDUM
This Outflank Security Tooling (“OST”) Solution Addendum and the terms and conditions contained herein apply to the Agreement between Fortra, LLC and _______________________ only if and insofar the Solutions licensed thereunder concern OST.
Access to OST:
In order to access the OST Solution, Client is required to register an account for the OST platform with which the Client’s Authorized Users, after authentication, can manage, access and configure (certain aspects of) the Solution (an “Account”) for each Authorized User. Accounts are strictly bound to individual Authorized Users. Client is obliged to use any Accounts made available by Fortra in a careful manner and to keep its login information secure and strictly confidential. Under no circumstance may Accounts be shared with other Authorized Users, employees, or third parties. Fortra has the right to assume that all acts performed following authentication of an Account have been performed under the supervision and with the approval of Client.
Client will, within reasonable time after the grant of the license as specified in the Agreement, be able to register an Account for each of its Authorized Users, during which process each Authorized User will be asked to provide details for a login- and/or authentication method in order to access the OST platform. Client is obliged to use any Accounts made available by Fortra in a careful manner and to keep its login information secure and strictly confidential. Client is obliged to notify Fortra immediately if it suspects abuse of and/or unauthorized access to its Account(s).
Use of OST
Authorized Users may use the OST Solution platform in order to gain access to software tooling, as well as support, know-how and documentation in relation thereto (“Security Tooling”) for the fulfilment of individual, specific and limited purposes (each a “Use-Case”). Client ensures that Authorized Users only use the OST Solution in strict accordance with the Agreement and in particular the End-Use Statement.
Use-by Dates
In order to gain access to Security Tooling for a specific Use-Case, Client must provide the desired parameters and settings for the Security Tooling through the designated fields in the OST platform, as well as:
the codename for the Use-Case for which the Security Tooling is being accessed; and
the date by which the Use-Case will be completed (the “Use-By Date”).
Client will ensure that all Security Tooling provided through the OST platform is each time, insofar as possible, completely and irreversibly deleted on or before the Use-By Date.
In the event a Use-Case was not completed before the Use-By Date, Client may repeat the procedure described under the section titled ‘Use of OST’ above, in order to regain access to the Security Tooling to complete the Use-Case. In doing so, Client must use and provide the same codename for the Use-Case as originally submitted.
Reporting
For the duration of the Agreement and a period of three (3) years after the termination or expiration thereof, Client will maintain a complete and accurate administration with regard to each of its Authorized Users’ use of the OST Solution, the OST platform and the Security Tooling, as well as its compliance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement. At the minimum, Client will at all times maintain complete, accurate and properly dated records (“Records”) of:
all Use-Cases (or codenames thereof), whether completed or ongoing;
each instance of access acquired to the Security Tooling by way of the Platform (in each Use-Case) by each specific Authorized User and under which business entity such Authorized User is employed;
Use-By Dates relating to each Use-Case;
deletions performed in accordance with the section titled ‘Use-By Dates’ above;
the reasons why and extent to which deletions in accordance with the section titled ‘Use-By Dates’ above could not be performed, in as much detail as reasonably possible (for example because (a remnant of) the Security Tooling remains present on systems and devices the Client cannot gain access to).
Once every twelve (12) months, as well as any time upon first request by Fortra, Client will provide Fortra with a complete and accurate report of its Records as specified above.
Internal Administration
In addition to the Records, Client will, for the duration of the Agreement and a period of three (3) years after the termination or expiration thereof, internally maintain a complete and accurate administration that sufficiently ties the information contained in the Records (such as Use-Case codenames) to specific and identifiable customers of Client and/or projects and purposes the OST Solution was used for within Client’s own organization. Without prejudice to the section titled ‘Log Confirmation’ below, the internal administration specified in this current section is not intended to be shared with Fortra.
Log Confirmation
Fortra may periodically provide Client with logs regarding instances of access gained to the Security Tooling for Use-Cases by Client’s Authorized Users. Fortra may do so a maximum of four (4) times per year, unless it has reasonable suspicions regarding possible use of the Security Tooling in contravention of the Agreement or the applicable laws and regulations, in which case it may immediately provide Client with said logs.
In the event Fortra provides Clients with logs as meant in the preceding paragraph, Client will as soon as reasonably possible but no later than three (3) weeks after receipt of the logs, in writing to Fortra:
confirm whether Fortra’s provided logs (regarding Use-Cases, access by Authorized Users, Use-By Dates and deletions) are in line with the information recorded by Client as meant under the section titled ‘Reporting’ above; and
notify Fortra of any (suspected) suspicious activity or inaccuracies relating to the Security Tooling, the information recorded by Client as meant under in the sections above and/or the logs provided by Fortra, that falls outside the scope of (a).
Upon provision of the logs by Fortra as meant in this current section, Fortra may indicate that it suspects a high risk the Security Tooling may have been used (or will be used) in contravention of the Agreement, or the violation of export laws or human rights, in which case it will clearly label its provided logs as “Urgent”. In such an event, Client will provide its confirmations and notifications as meant in this current section as soon as possible.
Availability and Maintenance
Fortra will use reasonable endeavors to realize the uninterrupted availability of the OST Solution but offers no guarantees in this regard. Fortra also makes no promises or guarantees as to security, availability and integrity of data transfers while making use of the OST platform, unless it explicitly states otherwise.
Fortra may regularly carry out maintenance, updates, adjustments or improvements of its OST Solution and/or the related systems, networks or parts thereof which could lead to unavailability of the OST Solution. Should scheduled maintenance, adjustments or improvements require a reduced or total unavailability of the Services, then Fortra will endeavor to notify Client in advance. However, Fortra is in no case liable to compensate any damage arising in connection with such maintenance. If Fortra considers that there is a danger to the functioning of its systems, network or the OST Solution, Fortra will have the right to implement all measures it considers reasonably necessary to avert or prevent this danger. Since the OST Solution is provided over the public internet, Client is itself responsible for acquiring appropriate internet access and applying the appropriate security measures. Fortra accepts no liability in this regard.
Support
Fortra will, via a helpdesk, provide a reasonable level of remote support with regard to the OST Solution during 9:00 to 18:00 CEST on Monday to Friday, with the exception of national Dutch holidays and other days of which Fortra has indicated in advance that the helpdesk will be closed. Fortra may provide documentation relating to the OST Solution, intended for troubleshooting and general usage support. Fortra may assume that Client and its Authorized Users will first consult such documentation before contacting the helpdesk. Fortra may refer Client and its Authorized Users back to the documentation if it is of the opinion that the question or request can be solved by means thereof.
Fortra will apply all commercially reasonable efforts to respond to any question or request submitted through the helpdesk as quickly as possible but cannot give any guarantees in this respect. The time required for the processing of support requests depends on the nature and complexity of the matter at hand.