FORTRA’S TRIPWIRE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES SCHEDULE
Scope. With respect to Fortra’s Tripwire Solution, this Schedule sets forth additional terms and conditions regarding Client’s purchase of professional services (“Professional Services”) as identified on an Order Form. Professional Services include (i) typical product implementation, upgrade, and enhancement; (ii) typical design and architecture services and integrations of product data to/from other third-party change management or monitoring tools; and (iii) term-based engagements, either remote or on-site, for consistent operation of products (“Resident Engineer”). The scope of a Professional Services engagement may be further defined in an engagement letter or statement of work issued by Fortra, which is governed by this Schedule and the Master Solutions Agreement (“Agreement”). This Schedule will control in case of any conflict between the terms and conditions in this Schedule and the Agreement with respect to the Fortra’s Tripwire Solution.
Policies and Procedures. If it is necessary for Fortra to have access (either on-site or remotely) to Client’s network or computer systems to perform the Professional Services, Fortra shall limit its use to those computer systems, files, software, or services reasonably required to perform the Professional Services. Fortra shall follow Client’s safety and security rules and procedures which are provided to Fortra in writing.
Fees and Invoicing.
Professional Services are billed in full-day increments only. A “Day” is defined as 8 hours of scheduled availability of a Fortra resource. The quoted number of Days is an estimate based on the assumptions that Client will: a) have sufficient staff participation to provide information; b) help with problems specific to Client; and c) perform required testing in a timely manner. Any changes in scope will be made in writing and must be approved by authorized representatives of Client and Fortra.
Fortra will invoice Client for the fees and reimbursable expenses as stated in the Order Form. For any prepaid Professional Services, Client agrees that if it has not used the prepaid Professional Services within one year, Fortra has no further obligations and Client shall not be entitled to a refund.
If applicable, Client shall reimburse Fortra for reasonable, actual out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the Professional Services, in accordance with Fortra’s guidelines which will be provided upon request. Expenses may include, but are not limited to, airfare and other transportation, lodging, meals, and data communication costs (if project development and implementation at a site remote to Client are requested). Total expenses shall not exceed the not-to-exceed amount as quoted by Fortra. Expenses will be invoiced monthly as incurred at Fortra’s cost and may be invoiced separately from fees.
Scheduling.
On Fortra’s acceptance of an Order Form for Professional Services, Fortra will contact Client to set an agreed-upon schedule for the Professional Services engagement based on availability of Fortra and Client resources. If Client purchases 5 or more Days of Professional Services, Client may choose to schedule Fortra resources for 4 consecutive 10-hour workdays, to be invoiced as 5 Days.
Once an Order Form is accepted by Fortra, neither party may terminate the engagement for convenience without the written consent of the other party. Fortra requires at least 10 business days’ notice if Client chooses to reschedule a scheduled Professional Services engagement. If Client reschedules an engagement with less than 10 business days’ notice prior to the scheduled start of Professional Services, Fortra will invoice Client a fee equal to 20% of the total fees for the scheduled Professional Services (“Rescheduling Fee”). For scheduling changes made less than 5 business days prior to the scheduled commencement, the Rescheduling Fee will be equal to 50% of the fees for scheduled Professional Services. In addition, Client will be responsible for payment of Fortra’s out-of-pocket expenses incurred prior to or resulting from such changes in schedule (such as non-refundable airfares or airline change fees).
Non-Solicit. Client acknowledges that the Professional Services to be performed under this Statement of Work require highly trained individuals and that Fortra expends significant resources to properly train and educate such individuals.  Client will not solicit or offer employment to any Fortra employee who performs Professional Services under this Statement of Work during the term of this Statement of Work and for a period of six (6) months thereafter.