Salesforce • TE License — LAC Research Notes


 July 11th, 2023 — Keith Irwin


This document covers the legacy asset-based Tripwire Enterprise (TE) licensing scheme still in use in the
Tripwire Salesforce organization. The current standard TE licensing system is discussed elsewhere. The main
focus here is to give you enough knowledge to implement the TE Licensing Server on Salesforce
infrastructure, or at least everything except the non-portable X.509 certificate generation.


Terms
The following terms might be helpful if you’re not a Tripwire native:

    MSP — Managed Service Providers
    TE — Tripwire Enterprise
    TE console — The on-premise software hub for the TE monitoring system
    TCC — Tripwire Customer Center
    LAC — License Authorization Code
    TFS — Tripwire for Servers (TE precursor)

All of these are related to the Tripwire Enterprise (on-premise) product business.


Disclaimer about TFS
Although Fortra still supports customers who use Tripwire for Servers (TFS) and although the current License
Server can be used to download TFS and generate licenses for it, I don’t think it’s a concern you need to
account for going forward. If you do, then you can add “product family” to the list of fields you collect from
each Asset to distinguish its concerns from those of TE. The thing I’ve heard is that if someone needs
something related to TFS, they should contact Tripwire Product Support. If the Assets grouped into a Console
have a product family of TFS, use the “old” certificate designation when generating a license, provide TFS files
for download (no content), and use “4.8” for the license version.


The Old License System
LAC is short for License Authorization Code, but it also stands for the old way of managing TE licenses within
Salesforce, a system that requires the Customer Ops team (née Order Admin) to manage the allocation of
product capabilities and license quantities (and hostnames) for each licensed TE console. It requires
customers to request changes through the Customer Ops team rather than make the changes using the TCC
self-serve system.

In the new system, the Customer Ops team generates Issued Product objects which mirror the Assets. Issued
Products can be used in the self-service system (described in a different document) without affecting Asset
records, which must remain as-is for proper revenue recognition.




                                                         1
None of this matters all that much. I just find it interesting.


Database Implementation Details
Presenting licensed features, or generating licenses, is all about wrangling groups of Asset records for a given
account, so it’s useful to know what fields you need to pay attention to outside of things like display names.

In the LAC system, every Asset record (type = ‘lic’) has the following custom fields:

    LAC
    A randomly generated string users can use to download software or generate a license.
    Evaluation Days
    The number of days an evaluation license is good for.
    Type
    The asset’s type. We’re only interested in type = ‘lic’.
    Config ID
    An identifier indicating which console the Asset’s licenses are assigned to.
    Hostname
    The host name of the console, which must match the host on which TE is deployed for the license to work.
    Product Code
    The partially semantic code indicating what kind of product we have (perpetual, time-limited or eval).
    Quantity
    The number of licenses available for the product this license represents.
    Support Start Date
    The support contract start date.
    Usage End Date
    The support contract end date.
    Product Reference
    The product capability the customer bought (e.g, TE for File Systems), as well as the feature codes the TE
    software can map to licensed capabilities.

The license Asset records for a given customer (Account) are a flat list. If you group by Config ID (or LAC or
hostname), then you’ll get a picture of the licenses granted for each Tripwire Console. The Config ID
represents a TE console.

The LAC also represents a TE console, but it’s meant to be sent to customers as a kind of synthetic login
identity to grant them access to the TE License Server for downloading software and generating licenses. It
only grants access to the TE License Server when the support contract is active (i.e., within the support start
to usage end date range).

Each Asset record in a group (by Config ID) should have the same Support Start Date, Usage End Date, LAC
and hostname. However, each one will have a different Quantity, Product Code or Product Reference. For
example, a given TE console might have licenses for File System, Database System or VMWare ESX System
monitoring capabilities. Same hostname, different licensed capabilities, different quantity per license.



                                                           2
Downloading Software and Content with a LAC
When customers want to download TE consoles, agents, non-paid integrations, documentation or content,
they can use a LAC to access the TE License Server.


 Commercial Licenses

 For Perpetual or Time-Limited Commercial licenses, the LAC will grant access to the TE License Server if the
 current date is within the Support Start and Usage End Date range (inclusive). If not, the LAC is considered
 “expired”. (This does not mean a TE License is expired, just access to the License Website.)


 Eval Licenses

 For an Evaluation license, the LAC will grant access for 10 days starting at the Support Start Date. After that,
 it’s considered expired, even if the Usage End Date is in the far future. In other words, Eval Licenses are only
 valid for the first 10 days after they were issued, regardless of the Usage End Date.

 May 04, 2024 — This was recently changed. Evaluation licenses are usable on the LAC website up until the
 day they expire.



Generating Licenses with a LAC
When customers want to generate a new license file for a console, they can access the TE License Server
using the LAC they received from Customer Ops. As long as they have a current Support Contract (date range
from Support Start to Usage End Date), they can get in. If the LAC represents an Eval license, it’ll expire 10
days after the Support Start Date. (May 04, 2024 — Eval licenses now work the same way.)


 Perpetual Commercial License

 The user can choose a software version, then generate a license which will expire in 100 years (or after
 36500 days) from the date they generated the license.


 Time-Limited Commercial and Eval License

 The user can choose a software version, then generate license which will expire on the Usage End Date.


 Eval License

 If today’s date is within 10 days of the Support Start Date, the user can generate a license that will expire on
 the Usage End Date. May 04, 2024 Users can generate an Eval license up to the day it expires (for
 whatever good that will do them).




                                                         3
Note that the date a license expires isn’t necessarily related to when the LAC expires. For example, if you
generate an Eval license within the first 10 days the LAC was created, the resulting license will last until the
Usage End Date, which might be in 90 days or 900 days. The user of the Eval LAC won’t be able to log in
anymore after 10 days, but the TE license they generated is still good.

The same thing applies to perpetual licenses. If such a license was generated when the customer did have a
support contract, it’ll last for 100 years even if they stop paying for Tripwire Enterprise support and updates.


How licenses are generated based on LAC
This section is a general outline of how you can query and manipulate Salesforce Assets to put together the
information you need to generate a license. This is the logic used on the current TE License Server, but it’s
also what you’ll need to do if you want to do this on the client side so that you can send a JSON doc to the TE
License Server /generate2 endpoint and get a TE license file back.

Overview

To generate a TE license, first make sure that the assets matching the LAC have a Support Start Date in the
past and a Usage End Date in the future, and is within10 days of the Support Start Date if you’re generating an
Eval license.

You need the following information:

    The expiration in days (starting from when the license was generated)
    The TE Console host name (example: twapp01 (do not include domain)).
    The TE Console version (example: “9.0.0”).
    The signing cert name (“current” for TE)
    A list of features and quantities (example: (“FSI” 35) (“TWRouter” 5) … )

Your first step is to query all the Asset records that match the user’s LAC and group them by the Config ID.
Each group represents a TE console, and also comprises the source data you’ll need to generate a license to
enable the console’s capabilities.

License Type

Find out which kind of license you have:

    Extract at least one product code from the group of assets you’ve collected.
    If the product code starts with E, you have an Evaluation license.
    If the product code starts with UsgCfg , you have a Commercial Time Limited license.
    Otherwise, you have a Commercial Perpetual license

All subsequent calculations depend, more or less, on which type of license you’re working with, and the type
of license you’re working with has to be guessed based on the initial letters of the Product Code field in the
group of Asset records assigned to a TE console.




                                                         4
Number of Days

To find out the number of days until the license expires, consider the following:

    If the license is perpetual, use 36500, and skip the rest.
    Otherwise, calculate the number of days between Today and the Usage End Date

The number of days is always between today and the Usage End Date, except for Perpetual licenses, which
are always 36500.

Features

Each product the Customer buys has a number of feature “tags” associated with it that are understood by a
TE Console when they’re found in the license file. You have to scan all the Asset records and their associated
Product records, extract the feature “tags” into a table, then total the license quantity for each Asset that has
that particular feature. That’s a mouthful, so let me see if I can explain it in a couple of ways.

Features are found by following the path from Asset.Product.Feature__c.

For example, the first Asset with a quantity of 100 and a feature list of “FSI,TWRouter” would result in the
following table:

    Table: { “FSI” → 100, “TWRouter” → 100 }

The next asset, with a quantity of 50, and a feature list of “TWRouter,TWRouter-Policy”, would augment the
table like this:

    Table: { “FSI” → 100, “TWRouter” → 150, “TWRouter-Policy” → 50 }

Keep going until the whole table is built up. (See the illustration below.)

The TE License consists of a single X.509 cert for each of the features. A TE License file comprises all the
X.509 certs concatenated into a single text file.

Hostname

Pick the first hostname in the Asset records grouped by the LAC. All the assets should have the same
hostname, so pick the first one. If there is no hostname on the Asset records, you can allow the user to supply
one and then update the Assets. Once they’ve done this, they cannot change the hostname except by going
through Support.

TE Version

The user must supply the product version, such as “9.0.0” or “8.6.0”, for TE.

Once all these facts are gathered up, you can send a JSON based request to the /generate2 link on the new
license server. The response will be a single text license file you can store into the Salesforce database.

Illustration for Feature Calculation




                                                          5
The image below is a representation of a TE console with a section for Asset records, and another section for
the Feature tags extracted from the Asset record.




Here’s how you interpret the above representation:

   The product codes don’t start with an E or UsgCfg , so it’s perpetual. (Product codes are shown in blue
   beneath each asset.)
   The hostname is ziocimm11 . Note that there is no domain name. The TE Console itself has to know it’s
   running on this machine — nothing else needs to know it.
   The support contract ends in 21 days, at which point a user can’t use the LAC to log in any more. However,
   any licenses generated within that time frame are good forever.




                                                      6
   The 3 License Assets represent the products the customer bought. Note the blue product codes (no E or
   UsgCfg codes), and the features in gray (FSI, FSI-Policy, FSI-Remediation).

   The 3 Features section is a pivot on the Asset’s feature tags, totaling quantity, so each feature gets a
   quantity of 9 (4 + 5). Add the license quantity to the feature tag each time it appears on an Asset record.
   The first asset, “Tripwire Enterprise Console - JA - License (TE)”, represents the console itself. The other
   two assets represent unlocked capabilities (File System monitoring) on that console.

To repeat, because the license represented above is perpetual, it will never expire. However, the customer’s
support contract for this console is not perpetual and will expire in 21 days. While the license they generate
will last forever, they won’t be able to use this LAC with the License Server after July 31.


Downloads
Customers in possession of an unexpired LAC can download Tripwire software and content. Content are the
rules and policies you can use to configure TE with checks for the latest configuration best practices and
known vulnerabilities. Software consists of the Tripwire Enterprise console, TE and Axon agents, extras and
documentation. No paid apps.

What downloads a customer can access depends on the license type.


 Eval Licenses

     All downloads
     Only content with “Sampler” in the filename.



 Commercial Time Limited or Perpetual

     All downloads
     All content



 Software Download Categories

     Console
     TE Agents
     TE Agent Updaters
     Axon Agents
     Axon Agent Updaters
     Extras
     Documents


Content should be searchable and filterable in the same way it is on the TCC, by type, platform, framework.




                                                         7
Web Application
The following points are a few things I noticed when trying out the existing (May 04, 2024: now mostly retired)
TE License Service.

   When you access the site, you put in a LAC and an email address. Once in, these are stored in your
   session so that when you generate a license, the system uses the email address and LAC you typed in.
   A link like (https://secure.tripwire.com/license/?lac=45303135333937AKlSRX) will pre-populate the LAC
   into the “login” form, but doesn’t automatically do anything else. You’re always given the opportunity to
   type in an email address before accessing any of the other features.
   The application provides buttons to Generate a License, Download Software or Download Policies, but it
   also provides a bulleted list (with links) to do the same thing, and a “next” button to take you to the first
   option, Generate a License.
   The Generate License button lists the products with quantity and an expiration date if Eval or Time-
   Limited, but doesn’t list one if it’s a Commercial Perpetual license. It also allows you to choose a TE
   product version before clicking the generate button.
   When you generate a license, it’s emailed to the address you provided at “login”, but it is not stored in
   Salesforce.
   The downloads work as they do on TCC: each download uses an access token then times out after 30
   minutes. The files are on our CDN.

Is there room for improvement? Maybe. Certainly we should make it look more like the current TCC and add
highlights matching Fortra’s branding. Aside from that, we might be able to condense the UI to a single page,
with license details on top, a tabbed-view of downloads on the bottom, and a direct download for the license
(in addition to email). (May 04, 2024: The new site has three pages linked together with a lac=<lac> query
string parameter.)




                                                        8
