Salesforce • TE License — User Configurable TE License Management


 July 13, 2023 - Keith Irwin


I’d like to port the current Tripwire Portal TE Licensing implementation to use a new API available on the new
version of the TE Licensing server. It’ll prevent a lot of future maintenance costs and it’ll make that particular
end-user feature a lot easier (and faster) to use.

The following document works out a justification for why I think porting to the new API is a good idea, then
how the current system works from the operations side, how it works for customer-users, and, finally, what
implementation details we need to account for in the effort. For a greater understanding of how a TE license
file is actually generated, see the LAC Licensing document. In that document I cover how Asset records are
queried to produce the feature list for a given console license. This system uses Configured Product records
to do the same thing.


Rationale
When something goes wrong with Tripwire Enterprise licensing, the complaint goes to Customer Ops or
Salesforce Admins because that’s where all the licensing information originates, and, for the most part, where
the errors are seen by customers via the Tripwire Community Center (TCC). However, the Tripwire Enterprise
(TE) Licensing Server is a standalone server that isn’t really owned by anyone, and when it nominally is (R&D),
it’s always a low priority until a crisis comes along at which point a new set of people (from middle managers
on down) have to re-discover how the system works. [1]

I’d like to move as much of the infrastructure and automation as possible to Salesforce so that Customer Ops
and Salesforce Admins can fix issues without trawling the company to find out who knows what. This is, first,
good for customers as issues are addressed promptly. It’s good for Customer Ops because they know who to
contact when something goes wrong: Business Systems Support. It’s also good for the Business Systems
Support team because it allows them to fix the system running on infrastructure they have access to. Finally,
when it comes time to move the Tripwire product business off of Salesforce, we will have a full understanding
of the requirements (with example implementation details) available to hand. We do not want to have to
update the License Server to make queries against D365. [2] Rather, we want D365 (or a future portal
technology) to be able to use the Licensing Server unchanged via a simple HTTP/JSON request/response
transaction.

What this document covers is how the TE Licensing System works and what we need to know to re-implement
the TCC user interface to bring all the Licensing Server functionality back home to Salesforce.

In short, this consists of:

    Running license info gathering queries within Salesforce, not the license server.
    Speeding up the super slow TE Licensing page on TCC.
    Making sure that Customer Ops can use a variant of the new TCC functionality when they (rarely) need to.




                                                          1
The big change is that instead of sending user and console IDs to the server and having the server lookup
values in Salesforce, we instead look up everything the license generator needs to know to make a license and
send that to the licensing server which then returns a certificate. No need for the server to query Salesforce,
or store the certificate in Salesforce, or email it to the end user. The server becomes a simple X.509 certificate
generator. [3] When we receive the license back from the server, we can email it, save it to the Salesforce
database or allow the customer to download it immediately.

But you’re not changing anything, you’re just moving things around!

Exactly. We’re moving the kitchen utensils to the kitchen rather than storing them in the shed out back behind
the spiderwebs and 19th century shovels. We’re moving the Salesforce parts to Salesforce and leaving the
license generation part to the server. This makes things way, way faster for the customer, and easier to
maintain for Admins. The fact that nothing else changes is a feature.



    1.   This happens more often than you might think due to the fact that lists of Rule/Policy files and software updates have
         to published with a new version of the server every month, that is, if anyone remembers to do it. Moving client
         interaction to Salesforce would remove this need because Salesforce already knows about software and policy file
         downloads. ❡
   2.    Nor do we want to force D365 to handle product downloads. ❡
   3.    We can't generate X.509 certificates on Salesforce itself in the way that TE needs them, otherwise we could move the
         entire apparatus in house, so to speak. ❡


Tripwire Enterprise
The Tripwire Enterprise product is server software meant to be installed on-premise in a customer’s data
center. The console manages a database and receives change sets (via Rules) from agents (or agent proxies)
running on distant servers (i.e., nodes). It uses these change sets to determine if a given software
configuration needs to change (policy) [4], or if a file has unexpectedly changed via tampering. This is where
the “tripwire” metaphor comes in. Users can create new baselines for acceptable changes or alert security for
changes clearly violating company policy or exploiting vulnerabilities.

The interesting part as far as licenses are concerned are the monitored nodes (i.e., servers, network devices,
databases, directory services). The TE console itself requires a license, but each node monitored by an agent
also needs a license. When we sell TE, we sell the console software, of course, but also the rights to monitor a
quantity of a particular type of node.

Because the TE console itself isn’t scalable beyond a few thousand nodes, we sell many consoles to an
organization and allow them to distribute the capabilities they need among them. For example, they might use
a console for monitoring databases and a few servers in an accounting division, and use another console for
monitoring virtual machines run by a cloud-based development division. Customers can buy a number of
“database” licenses and distribute them (like placing bets in roulette) as desired. Most of them in the
accounting division, but maybe just a couple over in the R&D division.



   4.    For example, the software can tell you if common accounts still use default passwords. ❡




                                                               2
General Patterns
When we close or renew a sale with a customer, we add new Asset records to their Account in Salesforce.
Asset records are complicated in the Tripwire domain because they can represent a traditional product (i.e., a
Tripwire Enterprise console or an additional installable add-on), but they can also represent an unlocked
capability within a licensed TE console.

For example, a software download oriented Asset record:

   Tripwire Enterprise Console

And the capability based Asset records:

   TE Database monitoring capability (100)
   TE File System monitoring capability (900)
   TE Directory Services monitoring capability (100)

The first Asset represents the TE console itself, while the next three represent capabilities. The associated
number represents the number of nodes (servers, network devices, etc) the customer can monitor under the
conditions of that capability. The interesting part here is that if the customer has 2 consoles, they scan split
the nodes for Database monitoring (say) between the two of them, with 75 going to one, and 25 going to the
other. These kinds of splits are taken into account when licenses are generated and we give users the ability
to re-distribute capabilities whenever they want.

Customer Ops sets all this up for a customer. When the deal goes through, they also set up a parallel system
which represents (and enabled) actual license generation, consisting of:

   an Issued Product object for each non-console Asset, with the number of licenses the user can divvy up.
   The above example would generate three Issued Product records.
   A Configuration object for each TE console license. Given the example above, they’d generate one
   Configuration object which would contain a nickname for the console, and a network name, a link to the
   console Asset record, and so on.
   A Configured Product object linking each console (Configuration record) to Asset/Product (Issued
   Product records) with an assigned license number that’s less than or equal to the number of licenses
   available. The Configured Product is what records how the licenses are divided up among consoles.

After all this is done, customer-users can go to the TCC, a portal, to download licenses, or to re-distribute
which consoles get how much of which capabilities, then generate and download the results.

The generated license files are tied to a console by its hostname, product version, and a list of feature tags +
quantity matching the products they’ve purchased. See the LAC Licensing document for more details.


Customer User Portal Interactions
When you access the TE Licensing menu item on the TCC, you’ll get a page with the following:

   A list of consoles (Configuration records).




                                                         3
   And a list of products with license counts (Issued Product records).

When you click one of the consoles, you’ll get a popup showing the license details, a chance to update the
nickname or hostname, and a chance to generate a license file.

When you click one of the products, you’ll see how many licenses have been assigned, how many are
unassigned, and get a chance to distribute, or re-distribute the licenses to the consoles listed at the top of the
page.

Viewing a console’s configuration

When you pick a console:

   You can change the nickname and save it right there.
   You can see and change the hostname, select a product version and then generate a certificate, which will
   get emailed to you as well as provide you a link to its location on the TCC if you want to download it
   directly.
   You can see the list of each “product license” available to the customer and the number of licenses,
   including a blank if no licenses for that product are assigned to that console.

You don’t redistribute license numbers when focussed on a specific license. Instead, you have to click on a
product and work from there.

Editing License Assignments

There’s an edit button next to each product, as well as assigned vs unassigned quantities letting you know
before you click what you have to work with.

   When you click the edit button, you’re shown a page what lets you click a “From” console and a “To”
   console and a slider indicating how many of the “From” licenses you’d like to move.
   If there are unassigned licenses, a console like box appears that lets you choose “Unassigned” as either
   the From console or the To console.
   When you move the slider to represent the quantities, you can see the values on the effect consoles
   update as well.

When you hit apply, the license (as defined in Salesforce) is updated. You can then click on the console on the
page to get a detail view, and from there click “generate” to create an updated license file.

Warning and Caveat

All this does is re-arrange assignments in the database. The number of licenses is conserved in the sense that
you can’t add more than you have to any one console.




                                                        4
However, what’s in the database are only templates for generating a license and the license itself if it was
generated at least once. Whether or not a customer user actually downloaded or deployed the license is not
recorded. What is actually loaded into a TE console is what actually matters. You can move all FIM to one
console, generate a license and deploy it. Then move all the FIM licenses to another console (leaving the
original empty), and deploy that license. You can double and triple your licensed capabilities by cheating in
that way. In fact, customers can purchase one console and a quantity of licenses, then replicate it all over their
data centers. While this violates their contract with Tripwire, there’s nothing in our current system that can
stop them. The on-prem Tripwire Enterprise server does not call home to verify license quantities.

What do you query for console specific licensing details?

Select all the Issued Products and all the Configured Products for a given Configuration (Console). List all the
configured products with quantities. Then list all the issued products not found in the Configure Products list
with a “blank” for quantity, and grayed out.

Note: I’m not sure listing unused features in a license is necessary or helpful. Maybe? If not, just query
Configured Products and that’s all you need.

What do you update on the database side when the user makes changes?

I suspect that the triggers on the Configuration, Configured Product and Issued Product records are for
balancing things when Customer Ops makes changes to Asset records and/or Issued Products and/or
Configurations (consoles). They are not part of the TCC user interface.

   When moving licenses from one Console to another, each of those consoles have the same Issued
   Product. You’re moving 23 database licenses from one console to another. A separate interaction is
   required to move 10 file system licenses. The scope of the interaction is a single Configured Product
   record (creating, updating or deleting).
   When moving licenses to a Console that doesn’t already have that type of license, you’ll have to create a
   new Configured Product record to link the Product and Console together with the new quantity.
   When removing all the licenses for a specific product from a console, you can remove the Configured
   Product associated with the console as there is no longer a link between it and a licensed capability.
   When your remove licenses from a console, decrement the assigned licenses in the Configured Product
   record.
   When your add licenses to a console, increment the assigned licenses in the Configured Product record.

We don’t have to touch the Issued Product records for each console when moving licenses because the
number of assigned licenses (recorded in the Issued Product) doesn’t change.

You do need to update the Issued Product when working with unassigned licenses:

   When adding an unassigned license to a console, increment the Configured Product’s assigned license,
   and increment the Issued Products assigned licenses.
   When removing licenses from a console to the unassigned bucket, decrement the Configured Product’s
   assigned licenses, and decrement the associated Issued Product’s assigned licenses.




                                                         5
For these last two cases, an Issued Product’s “available licenses” is a formula field consisting of Total Licenses
minus Assigned licenses, so all you have to do us update the Assigned Licenses value on an Issued Product
for proper accounting.


Notes on Database Records

Configured Product (Configured_Product__c) — Link Console and Product
   Object documentation:

    Enables a many-to-many relationship between Configurations and Configured Products (sic) [Issued
    Products] to represent the assignment of an issued product to a specific configuration.

   Notes:

    Configuration
    A Configuration represents a console and an Issued Product represents a purchased product (through
    an Asset record which links a Product to an Account).


    Trigger
    If the assigned licenses = 0, the configured product is deleted. Then the trigger makes sure that if just
    one console is linked to one issued product, that console gets all the licenses available from the issued
    product.


Configuration (Configuration__C) — Console
   Object documentation:

    Represents a console (to which issued products can be assigned)

   Notes:

    Trigger
    You can’t delete the console if there’s still an Asset that represents the purchase of a console license
    (not features, but the console itself).


    Guess
    When you delete a “console” type of Asset, a trigger will delete this console configuration, too. This
    would presumably delete the Configured Product (via cascade?), which would in turn cause the Issued
    Product values to get re-calculated (licenses becoming available, etc).

   I didn’t look to see if there were any other sorts of automation, such as process builders, workflows, flows
   or validations. Whatever the case is, these can remain in place when porting a new UI on top of the
   customer portal.

Issued Product Object (Issued_Object__c) — Product




                                                        6
   Object documentation:

    Represents the total quantity (or pool) for a given product that a customer has rights to based on
    purchases over time

   Notes:

    Total License Quantity → Number (10, 2)
    The summed quantity across all assets associated with this issued product. Total quantity of licenses
    ore nodes available to the customer for a given product. Maintained by AssetRollup.


    Assigned Licenses → Number (10, 2)
    Number of licenses currently assigned to a configuration. This field is maintained by
    ConfiguredProductRollUp.


    Issued Product Count → Formula = 1
    Seems to assert that the IP represents one product. Not documentation on the field definition.


    Available Licenses → Formula = Total License Quantity - Assigned Licenses
    The number of licenses currently assigned to a configuration. Excludes evaluation records.


    Triggers — The code is hard to read, but seems to say something like:
        Will delete Issued Product if it is no longer associated with an Asset.
        Will delete Issued Product if it has a total license quantity of 0
        If an Issued Product has a total license quantity decrease, update the related configured product (if
        there’s just one) to match.



Database Conclusions
Most of the automation surrounding these TE License objects support the kinds of updates the Customer
Operations team makes when updating the total licenses a customer has purchased, rather than just re-
distributing them. When portal users re-distribute licenses from one console to another, the portal will update
Issued Product assigned license values if licenses are removed from any console and it’ll create, update or
delete Configured Product links depending on how the user wants to add, update or remove product licenses
from individual consoles. I think this is straightforward and only seems complicated because of the generic
names of the objects.




                                                         7
