Transcript
May 20, 2025, 5:01PM
Dawn Krauss started transcription
Dawn Krauss   0:03
I think we have lots going on.
I don't know how involved everybody is so far with a number of the different projects going on, but we are trying to rebuild our CRM, so we're going from D365 to Salesforce and we have a whole discovery effort going on on that side. And then.
We're also, as you guys, the finance team I think is well aware.
We're trying to go from Great Plains and all the financial systems over to work day and the PX team is also going over to work day and some of the areas like.
Example that crosses like the CRM into the financial system, we're going to need to work to have multiple teams working together and understand how that picture looks.
So we were having a meeting a few weeks ago with the a couple of teams trying to connect all of those dots on how that workflow is going to look. And we came up with one area where we just need some help from you guys in understanding what.
The business process.
Looks like. So what we really want to do today is not really focus on the future state of how everything.
Thing is gonna look, but we wanna have a quick call just for you guys to tell us today what we're looking at is today.
We know people go in and they go to our D 365 Portal and they might make a credit card payment.
We wanna understand what happens from the point that that payment gets made.
How does our revenue get recognized and let me and also too, I understand that credit card payments are really only one form we might have people use paying us in other ways.
So if you guys can just kind of walk us through what that process?
Looks like that will help us.
And then, Alex, are you my member of the Strada team that had these questions? OK.
Did I accurately recap what we wanted this team to help us understand today?
Or do you want to jump in for any other color or context?
Alex Mahoney   1:46
No, no, that that was perfect.
Yes, thank you.
Dawn Krauss   1:50
OK.
All right, Ren, from your standpoint, were there any other call outs that we should make that we want to make sure people focus on or anything?
German Wren   1:59
Yes.
Dawn Krauss   2:00
Alrighty, so friends from finance. Thank you. Several of you for joining.
Very much appreciate your help today.
Who could take the lead with walking us through? How that process works today and if we want to start with the credit card example 1st and then we can switch to other payment forms as well.
Trisha Dolezal   2:15
So hi, this is Trisha Cash app manager.
I just want to make sure I understand exactly what you're needing, so let me relay back.
You're wanting to know from the time that a customer clicks the button to pay via credit card.
The steps from that point on. Is that correct?
Dawn Krauss   2:35
Yes.
Trisha Dolezal   2:37
OK.
So that is customer initiated.
That is routed through stripe.
So everything happens via stripe the customer.
Has control over putting all of their credit card information into the stripe system to pay via credit card.
We do not keep any of that information.
Ourselves.
Then, as in a typical kind of, I guess, ACH three days later, once the credit card goes through three days later, we receive a an ACH payment.
From stripe.
And it's in bulk.
For everything that was processed.
Three days before that.
So it could be $34,000.
It could be $12,000, however much.
Then when we see the stripe payment come through for the cash app team and we see the stripe payment come through the bank, we log into Stripe's portal.
And we pull the payouts for that day that matches that amount.
And then it lists out the transaction details.
So each individual payment that was processed.
And then from there, we just follow our usual cash app processes.
We create our import file.
We import it into GP. Those payments are applied to.
The invoices.
And then all behind the scenes, the integration happens overnight and that payment information gets pushed into D365, marking those invoices as paid.
Now there is another component, I believe Courtney, you may have to pipe in here.
When the customer pays via credit card, I believe the collection status changes.
Courtney Guenigsman   4:50
Yes.
Trisha Dolezal   4:50
On the invoice in D365, right?
Courtney Guenigsman   4:53
Yep. So right now in D365 we have it set up for invoices under 10,000 in USD. Any billing entity, there's a link on the invoice.
For that customer to pay.
One of the things that triggers when they click that link.
So First off, when they click it, it brings it to the fortra portal.
They make their credit card payment all that sort of thing.
It talks back to CRM.
And it will trigger.
A collection stash within CRM that'll say paid in Portal. That way the team knows that that was completed and we know that basically we're waiting for a payment to come in that helps the customer OPS teams know if they can send out any of the keys or LIC.
To the customers ahead of time.
Also, with the credit card payments, if we do get requests for a payment over that 10,000.
I can approve a manual.
Payment, which means that my team is going into Stripe and we are manually processing a credit card payment.
We get the information over the phone from the customer.
So again, we don't keep anything on file if you don't pass anything through e-mail, but that allows the customer to be able to make that payment.
With US processing on their behalf.
So kind of the same process, it looks kind of the same.
We're just in the portal doing it for them with our own access.
Trisha Dolezal   6:34
Yep, that was the piece I was missing, Courtney.
I had most of it and then so there's also fees associated with Stripe. Those fees are recorded.
In the general Ledger at the at month end.
Courtney Guenigsman   6:53
And that is 3% of the invoice total when the customer pays themselves. If we have to go through and make a manual payment, then it's 5%.
Trisha Dolezal   6:56
Yes.
There weren't there talks Courtney of that fee being.
Reverted to the customer.
Courtney Guenigsman   7:18
Yep.
Yes, I have to get with Eric and see because that was kind of something that Javy was doing.
But basically what we were trying to do is we're trying to work with Stripe so that when they go into that portal, that 3%.
Would be added to their total when they're paying, so they would incur that fee instead of us, but it kind of, I think, paused once Javy left.
German Wren   7:46
Now it's through a service called inter payments, yeah.
Jhemma Winkworth   7:47
John, this was this was intra.
Yeah, that's right.
Dawn Krauss   7:50
Inter payments? Yeah.
Courtney Guenigsman   7:52
Yep, Yep.
German Wren   7:52
It integrates into scribe, but enter payments is the one that based on where they are in city, state, country regulations, like how much of A fee are we allowed to charge them? Enter payments? Handles all that logic.
And then yes, it applies it to the total of the invoice.
The customer would see that on UI they would know that it's there and they would have a chance to say never mind. I don't want to pay with a credit card anymore or whatever they want to do and then they would process it still through stripe but with.
Enter payments serving as the source of how much of A fee are we allowed to charge for that person?
With that card.
Dawn Krauss   8:29
So that's something that is on the list of tools that I think we're we're looking to set up at some point.
Relatively soon.
But we're kind of pausing on that with everything going on.
We want to see where the priority is on that, but I think it is in the plans for once we go to Workday, that should be a tool that we're considering in that solution.
Courtney Guenigsman   8:50
Perfect.
So anyone?
Does anyone have any questions about the the credit card process?
Otherwise, we could probably move on to like ACH.
Dawn Krauss   9:00
Alex, I'll lean on you.
Are you getting for what? What you need to share back with the portrait team and I can download the recording after and share that back to you.
Do you have any questions as we're going along?
Alex Mahoney   9:10
No, so far, no thank you.
Dawn Krauss   9:11
OK.
Great. This is a great walkthrough.
Courtney Guenigsman   9:12
OK.
Dawn Krauss   9:13
Thank you, Courtney and Trisha, go ahead.
Courtney Guenigsman   9:15
Awesome, Trisha.
Why don't you do?
We'll break up the credit cards. Obviously, we just did.
Let's do Ach, lockbox and layer. So I want to.
Kind of walk through one of those other three processes.
Trisha Dolezal   9:25
Yep, let's. I'm gonna start with the easier of the two first.
Lockbox checks. So we do have a lock box.
That is, sits with JP Morgan and all of the checks that go to that lock box are all. Everything is held at JP Morgan. We log into JP Morgan, we can pull check copies.
If there are checks that are sent to.
Eden Prairie office.
Then those checks are then turned around and forwarded to the lockbox address.
Yes.
So same concept with the stripe logging into the portal, we log into JP Morgan, we pull those.
Check copies.
We pull a report with all the details minus the invoice information.
And we start building our file to import that into Great Plains and apply those payments.
So we use the check copies to get the invoice information.
Within those check copies, there are also payments that are not AR related.
So they could be tax refunds.
They could.
Be what I would call exception items because they're not Arkansas related, so we have to figure out is this something that is for? Is this an AP refund?
Was there a credit on AP and APS for them to send a check?
We have to e-mail people and ask questions.
But that part's easy.
We have a a log where we maintain.
We have a spreadsheet where we maintain all that information and we show what we've posted, what with checks.
There are a lot of other checks that are not.
In CRM they're outside of CRM.
They're pre CRM.
So they are alert logic, global scape.
Those are posted in.
An out.
A system outside of Great Plains.
I see a question.
LakshmiNarasimhan Srinivasan   11:41
Yep, the slaught bean.
So now currently you're doing this as a manual process.
Right click, downloading the information from JP Morgan and then having it uploaded to Great Plains, right?
Trisha Dolezal   11:53
Correct.
LakshmiNarasimhan Srinivasan   11:55
Is there any possibility of this being automated meaning.
Workday in Workday for Future stated, I know we are not getting into the future state, but I just want to call this out so that you have it in back of your mind.
Probably we can discuss this later. Workday gives you the flexibility to get that information from bank and have that directly loaded into the system through a delivered way of connector.
We can receive this information from JP Morgan and then have it loaded to Workday as logbox payments, which in turn will create a customer payment and a customer deposit for the information that we receive from the bank.
Trisha Dolezal   12:37
That would be a discussion with JP Morgan.
Jhemma Winkworth   12:39
Yeah, and that that's that's the goal.
The goal forward goal is to integrate with these bangs so that it's automatic feeds into Workday.
LakshmiNarasimhan Srinivasan   12:49
Makes sense when the reason why I was bringing that up is looking at the integration list. I don't see a lotbox integration in there, so we might need to add that to the scope of discussion with JP Morgan.
Jhemma Winkworth   13:02
Oh yeah.
So it's included and if we need to add another line we did add. I think we have like 4 banks.
Listed or four bank integrations, there's two that are listed, JP Morgan and Bank of America.
So we want to integrate all activity from that so both deposits and payments. So if you need if we need to add more information to the integration list, let me know and we're happy to do that.
But the intention was to.
Include everything related to those banks.
And integration.
LakshmiNarasimhan Srinivasan   13:33
Awesome and question.
So you don't have a lock box with Bank of America, just with JP Morgan, right? I'm understanding that correctly.
Jhemma Winkworth   13:40
I believe that's right.
LakshmiNarasimhan Srinivasan   13:42
Perfect.
Trisha Dolezal   13:42
Yep, that is correct.
LakshmiNarasimhan Srinivasan   13:44
Awesome.
Thank you.
Trisha Dolezal   13:48
So checks are the easier because we get all for the most part we get all the information we need.
To apply the payments.
I'm calling them ach wires, but I also tend to refer to them as just electronic payments.
Again, we pull a report from JP Morgan.
We have 12 bank accounts.
That we pull information for.
The domestic USD account is the most difficult and the highest volume.
All of the international accounts are fairly.
I I'm gonna use the word easy, but they're less complicated because most Europeans are used to providing invoice information 'cause they've been doing this a lot longer than we have electronic payments.
That is, so all of the international currently are being applied manually.
There is no import into GP, so we do not create a file and import it into GP.
The domestic we do create a file and import into GP, but the challenge is 95% of the payments do not have any type of invoice information in the bank file.
So we have to search the remittances folder.
Search CRM.
See if we can find.
That customer look at the open invoice.
Match things up. Put that in.
Fill in that spreadsheet that we import into GP and import it into GP.
That that I would say that account takes the most time.
Mostly because of volume.
There again, there can also be exceptions.
We receive lots of partner payments.
Those tend to be larger and they go to multiple end customer accounts and they don't send remittances.
So we have to request remittances and hold those out until we receive the remittance because we can't apply it to just one customer account because it could go to 10.
So we just do not post it at all until we receive the remittance from the partner.
What else am I missing, Courtney?
Thinking, thinking.
Courtney Guenigsman   16:45
Yeah, thinking. Thinking.
Back to lockbox. The checks that are sent should be all in USD.
However, we do get some CAD.
Trisha Dolezal   16:56
Yes, thank you.
I always forget about them.
Courtney Guenigsman   17:00
Yeah, it's not very many, but.
We determine at the point of when we are opening our accounts that we didn't receive enough to open a Canadian lockbox.
Therefore, Treasury had decided just when those Canadian customers are sending checks, send it to the lock box and then we just write off any conversion.
Trisha Dolezal   17:23
Yeah. And we have to hold those.
Checks before we can apply them, because the bank does do an FX adjustment.
So it's usually somewhere in that two to three days before we were see the FX adjustment come through JP Morgan and then we apply the check.
And with anything.
This is I'm glad I saw this.
We constantly receive payments.
In different accounts for different legal entities.
No matter what that has to be a manual entry because it's an intercompany transaction.
So for example, in the domestic USD account, we could receive payments for Terra Nova or Fortra International Limited. That requires a manual bank transaction to intercompany it to the other legal entity.
Courtney Guenigsman   18:34
Yeah, that happens a lot either with acquisition.
Accounts or if we have customers, especially partners, if they're billed through multiple legal entities or currencies, they kind of just pick an account, set us up and then they pay into the wrong account.
Trisha Dolezal   18:54
Yep.
Courtney Guenigsman   18:54
So we constantly have short pays over pays, going back to the customer.
They're using wrong intermediary banks.
Usually, if it's really, really small, we just write off the conversion.
But we've been pretty firm on making the customer pay whatever that difference was.
And then making sure that they update their bank information.
But that's kind of a constant.
Trisha Dolezal   19:22
Yeah.
Courtney Guenigsman   19:23
Also, as of right now, we incur the bank fees.
Trisha Dolezal   19:26
It.
Courtney Guenigsman   19:28
So if there's a a wire transfer fee for $20 or something like that, ACH fee is right now we.
Trisha Dolezal   19:29
Yes.
Courtney Guenigsman   19:38
Do write those off and it's all that our ourselves. We kinda have talked about asking the customer to do that, but it kind of never went anywhere.
I think that would be a hard push.
To enforce.
But like Trisha like.
Just an off hand estimate like how how much is that I mean?
Quite a few a day like daily.
Trisha Dolezal   20:02
I yeah, yeah. Every day.
I mean it.
I would say it probably mostly happens with wire payments.
Courtney Guenigsman   20:11
Yeah.
Trisha Dolezal   20:12
More than just a standard ACH type payment.
I guess it depends on the type of ACH.
Courtney Guenigsman   20:22
If that's something anyone wants to see, Trisha's team does track write offs so we can see, you know if something was written off due to conversion. Something is written off to bank fee, that sort of thing.
So we do have that on record.
Trisha Dolezal   20:36
And Paragon, we have a spreadsheet where we track all the incoming ach's and we keep track of what we import versus what is a manual entry that needs to be sent or done in another system, or if it's something tax related or if it's.
You know, like a a monthly payment that happens for whatever reason, like facilities or something.
We document all that.
Dawn Krauss   21:16
Alex Lakshmi. Those other conversations where Trisha was saying we could dig further. Do we need to go to that level today or are you getting what you need for the initial what we needed to do to solidify the billing solution.
LakshmiNarasimhan Srinivasan   21:31
You don't need to from an integration perspective. I can say like we don't need to do some deep dives today, but definitely would be part of a larger conversation that we would have for each of those integrations.
Dawn Krauss   21:44
OK.
Alex Mahoney   21:46
Yeah, nothing more functionally either.
Dawn Krauss   21:49
OK. So to follow up from the meeting where this conversation stemmed where we were trying to go through the billing solution between CRM and the integration points between Workday and CRM, I know this was a follow up conversation that we needed to have to help the team with.
The research do you feel you're good at this point?
Alex Mahoney   22:09
I am, yes.
Dawn Krauss   22:12
OK.
Courtney, Trisha, was there anything else that you thought was pertinent to this?
Ask that you wanted to still tell us.
Courtney Guenigsman   22:22
I don't think so.
I just want to make sure it's understood too that as of right now, there's we're still not in the same accounting system. So we have Great Plains for everything in D365. But as Trisha mentioned, global scape.
Trisha Dolezal   22:37
Alert logic.
Courtney Guenigsman   22:37
Tripwire and Alert Logic are still in their own billing systems.
Trisha Dolezal   22:41
And.
Dawn Krauss   22:44
Yes, the team does know that.
But definitely a good call out.
Is there anything so the process that you described for us for D365, is there anything very different from the tripwire or the global scape of the alert Logic project or process that you feel you should call out?
Trisha Dolezal   23:03
Yes, just a high, just a high level of what I've been exposed to for Tripwire. Currently it has to be posted twice.
Dawn Krauss   23:05
Go for it.
Trisha Dolezal   23:16
It gets posted in Zora and then it is also posted in Great Plains.
Courtney Guenigsman   23:23
Their own Great Plains.
Trisha Dolezal   23:25
Their own separate Great Plains instance.
Dawn Krauss   23:30
OK.
Courtney Guenigsman   23:35
Alert logic as of now I still have a member on my collections team that does the actual postings.
So there is an HSBC account still open.
No, sorry, pacquest.
She there's one domestic PAC W account that she logs into and she posts in their NetSuite instance and then for anything that's received into the Fortra accounts, Trisha's team has.
A weekly spreadsheet identifying the amount invoice, that sort of thing, and that is sent usually every about Wednesday.
Trisha Dolezal   24:11
Yep.
Courtney Guenigsman   24:12
To the collections person, Mays is her name, and then she goes in and posts those on her side.
Trisha Dolezal   24:20
And they do do an import.
Ant to NetSuite for those payments.
And then global scape.
Dawn Krauss   24:30
OK.
Trisha Dolezal   24:32
Global Scape is a little bit different.
For their credit card payments.
They I believe it's CyberSource.
Courtney Guenigsman   24:43
Yep.
Trisha Dolezal   24:45
Where it's essentially.
I guess it's a portal where people can purchase Globalscape products and pay via credit card.
German Wren   24:56
11 product.
Trisha Dolezal   24:56
We receive. Oh, OK, one product, but they pay via credit card.
Courtney Guenigsman   25:00
From production.
Trisha Dolezal   25:02
That explains a lot.
As to why the Amount's always the same, yes.
Courtney Guenigsman   25:05
Why it's the same amount?
Trisha Dolezal   25:09
It's always 5999.
But we we get two different payments.
There's American Express and then we receive another one from Merch Bankcard, which tends to cover all the other credit cards non American Express.
And those.
Are strange in that they're automatically applied in orders X.
But we don't receive the payment from Merch Bankcard or American Express until three days later.
So then we have to go in and adjust.
The payment method that was used.
To apply that payment and change the date because technically yes it was paid that day, but we didn't actually receive the money that day.
That's the only quirky thing with orders X.
Otherwise it's pretty easy, but that is all a manual process. There is no import.
Dawn Krauss   26:15
OK.
Good call out for discuss the differences between the different brands. Thanks for that.
All right.
Anybody else have anything?
Gemma, I just have one question for you. Going back to when we were talking about the bank integrations and you were talking about there's like four bank, one bank, two bank three, Bank 4 stuff in the sow. At one point. I remember having a conversation with Javy and.
Jhemma Winkworth   26:39
Yep.
Dawn Krauss   26:44
I believe he was explaining to me that we use some clearing houses.
I want to say maybe Truvada, but moving to Kyriba and all the banks kind of go through those.
Can you just?
I'm not very financial.
Can you just explain to me what the difference is between?
What we plan to use kyriba for versus these bank integrations that we're talking about here.
Jhemma Winkworth   27:05
Yeah. So in Kyriba, the treasure team is able to pull in activity for all banks.
I think there's some limitations in some of our foreign banks, but for the most part it it's similar in the sense that kyriba should be able to pull in all the banking activity.
There's also, I know Kyriba has certain modules.
That's all that worked, I believe has so like we wouldn't overlap, but I know that there's like dashboards.
In Kyriba certain Treasury reporting.
That can be done in kairoba as well.
So those were those are just very high level differences. But for the integrations into Workday, we are looking for kind of like direct feed, so that we can you know book entries more automated than manual as it relates to like deposits and payments.
So I think Kyriba can do something similar.
Don, I'm not really familiar of what that software can do.
But that would be a little bit of a difference.
Dawn Krauss   28:09
OK.
Yeah. At some point, I think we need.
We need to dig into all of that as well.
Just curious.
But that wasn't the point of today's discussion, so I'll hold hold questions on that.
Jhemma Winkworth   28:18
OK.
Yep, sounds good.
Dawn Krauss   28:18
Alrighty, thank you so much, team.
Trisha Dolezal   28:20
It was also my understanding from discussions with Javy that JP Morgan.
Is working on their own, similar to Truvada Caribbe internal.
Type system like that.
Dawn Krauss   28:40
Interesting. OK.
Trisha Dolezal   28:40
So I don't know if you want to have a conversation with the JP Morgan Rep to find out more information on that to see if it would integrate with Workday and then you wouldn't have to have an outside source. You could just have the one.
Dawn Krauss   28:55
That would be interesting to know.
Gemma, who from your team do you feel is the do we have like a JP Morgan contact today? That who would be the best person to have that conversation?
Jhemma Winkworth   29:05
If you can loop in Erik Tom Thompson on the Treasury team in finance, he would be.
He could probably give you more.
He would definitely be able to give you more information on kraiba, but then also be able to connect you to our banking contacts.
Dawn Krauss   29:21
OK.
I think we're gonna. Yeah. Need to dig into some of that further, OK.
Awesome. Well, thank you everybody.
This was super helpful.
Trisha Courtney. Great explanations.
Really appreciate that. And I think we're, I think we're good for today then.
Alrighty, thank you. Alright, bye.
Courtney Guenigsman   29:37
Hi. Thanks everyone. Thank you.
Jhemma Winkworth   29:38
OK.
Thank you.
Trisha Dolezal   29:39
6.
Dawn Krauss stopped transcription